RHIDP-5433: Applied modularization changes for the Customizing title (#948)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/customizing-the-appearance/proc-customize-rhdh-sidebar-menuitems.adoc

[id='proc-customize-rhdh-sidebar-menuitems_{context}']
= Customizing the sidebar menu items for your {product-short} instance

The sidebar menu in {product} consists of two main parts that you can configure:

> * Dynamic plugin menu items:: Your preferences and your active plugins define dynamically one part of the sidebar menu.
> * Main menu items:: The core navigation structure of sidebar is static.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dynamic plugin menu items:: Your preferences and your active plugins define dynamically one part of the sidebar menu.
Main menu items:: The core navigation structure of sidebar is static.
```

  frontend:
    <plugin_name>: # <1>
      menuItems:
        <menu_item_name>: # <2>
          icon: # home | group | category | extension | school | _<your_icon>_ # <3>
          title: _<plugin_page_title>_ # <4>
          priority: 10 # <5>
          parent: favorites # <6>
----
<1> `_<plugin_name>_`: Enter the plugin name. This name is the same as the `scalprum.name` key in the `package.json` file.
<2> `_<menu_item_name>_`: Enter a unique name in the main sidebar navigation for either a standalone menu item or a parent menu item. If this field specifies a plugin menu item, the name of the menu item must match the name using in the corresponding path in `dynamicRoutes`. For example, if `dynamicRoutes` defines `path: /my-plugin`, then `menu_item_name` must be defined as `my-plugin`.
<3> `icon`: (Optional) Enter the icon name. You can use the following icons:
   * Default icons, such as `home`, `group`, `category`, `extension`, and `school`
   * An SVG icon, such as: `icon: <svg width="20px" height="20px" viewBox="0 0 512 512" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" fill="#ffffff">...</svg>`
   * An HTML image, such as: `icon: https://img.icons8.com/ios-glyphs/20/FFFFFF/shop.png`

> <4> `title`: (Optional) Enter the menu item title. Omit it when the title is already specified in the `dynamicRoutes` configuration under `menuItem.text`.

Reviewer 2: cc: @invincibleJai

<5> `priority`: (Optional) Sets the order in which menu items appear in the sidebar. The default priority is 0, which places the item at the bottom of the list. A higher priority value places the item higher in the sidebar. You can define this field for each section.
<6> `parent`: (Optional) Enter the parent menu item under which the current item is nested. If this field is used, the parent menu item must be defined elsewhere in the `menuItems` configuration of any enabled plugin. You can define this field for each section.

. To add a main menu item, add a section to the `default.main-menu-items` > `menuItems` section in your `{my-app-config-file}` file. Use the `default.` prefix to identify the key as a main menu item.
+
[source,yaml]
----
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:
    default.main-menu-items:
      menuItems:

>         default._<menu_item_name>_: # <1>
>           parent: _<my_menu_group>_ # <2>
>           priority: 10 # <3>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        default._<menu_item_name>_: # <1>
          parent: _<my_menu_group>_ # <2>
          priority: 10 # <3>
          icon:  # home | group | category | extension | school | _<your_icon>_ #
          title:  _<my_menu_title_>
```
As suggested above icon and title can be added for `default._<menu_item_name>_` so good to metion that and if this title is also set to `""` then it gets removed from the sidebar.

   * An SVG icon, such as: `icon: <svg width="20px" height="20px" viewBox="0 0 512 512" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" fill="#ffffff">...</svg>`
   * An HTML image, such as: `icon: https://img.icons8.com/ios-glyphs/20/FFFFFF/shop.png`
<4> `title`: (Optional) Enter the menu item title. Omit it when the title is already specified in the `dynamicRoutes` configuration under `menuItem.text`. To hide the title from the sidebar, set the title as an (`" "`) empty string.
// Update <6> for release 1.6 as this option (currently a workaround) would be added as a functionality. RHIDP-6333.
<5> `priority`: (Optional) Sets the order in which menu items appear in the sidebar. The default priority is 0, which places the item at the bottom of the list. A higher priority value places the item higher in the sidebar. You can define this field for each section.
<6> `parent`: (Optional) Enter the parent menu item under which the current item is nested. If this field is used, the parent menu item must be defined elsewhere in the `menuItems` configuration of any enabled plugin. You can define this field for each section.

> . To add a main menu item, add a section to the `default.main-menu-items` > `menuItems` section in your `{my-app-config-file}` file. Use the `default.` prefix to identify the key as a main menu item.

Reviewer 3: How about something like `To modify a main menu item or add a custom one, add a section to ..." ? The example covers various configurations for the main menu, including: 
1. Adding a parent menu item to an existing main menu item.
2. Modifying the order of default main menu items.
3. Adding a non-default main menu item.

Users can also override default main menu icons or hide default menu items, as @divyanshiGupta mentioned, by setting title to `""`.

+
[source,yaml]
----
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:
    default.main-menu-items:
      menuItems:
        default._<menu_item_name>_: # <1>
          parent: _<my_menu_group>_ # <2>
          priority: 10 # <3>
        default._<menu_group_parent_item_name>_: # <4>
          icon:  # home | group | category | extension | school | _<your_icon>_ # <5>
          title: _<my_menu_group_title>_ # <6>
          priority: 100 # <7>
----
<1> `default._<menu_item_name>_`: Enter the menu item name. Add the `default.` prefix to identify a main menu item.

> <2> `parent`: (Optional) Enter the parent menu item for this item.

Author: We have already added in the lead-in sentence of this procedure that:
`default.` prefix is required for a main menu item key

Do we need to repeat it here as well?

<3> `priority`: (Optional) Enter the order of this menu item within its menu level.
<4> `default._<menu_group_parent_item_name>_`: Enter the menu group parent item name to configure static main menu items.
<5> `icon`: Enter the menu group icon. Required for parent menu items.

> <6> `title`: Enter the menu group title. Required for parent menu items. To hide the title from the sidebar, set the title as an (`" "`) empty string.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<6> `title`: Enter the menu group title. Required for parent menu items. To hide the title from the sidebar, set the title as an (`" "`) empty string.
<7> `to`: (Optional) Enter the path the menu item navigates to. If not set, it defaults to the home page.
```

Note that I didn't adjust the number marks in yaml markdown. This is to show the best place to add `to` explanation.

[id='proc-customize-rhdh-sidebar-menuitems_{context}']
= Customizing the sidebar menu items for your {product-short} instance

The sidebar menu in {product} consists of two main parts that you can configure:

> * *Dynamic plugin menu items*: Your preferences and your active plugins define dynamically one part of the sidebar menu.
> * *Main menu items*: The core navigation structure of sidebar is static.

Reviewer: Consider using description lists, which would be semantically correct in the context. See https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/lists/description/

```suggestion
Dynamic plugin menu items:: Your preferences and your active plugins define dynamically one part of the sidebar menu.
Main menu items:: The core navigation structure of sidebar is static.
```

.Procedure

> . To configure *Dynamic plugin menu item*, add the following content to your `{my-app-config-file}` file:

Reviewer: Afterthoughts for minimalism and clarity: 

Consider being more specific here:

```suggestion
. To configure *Dynamic plugin menu item*, add a `menuItems` section for your _<plugin_name>_ plugin to your `{my-app-config-file}` file:
```

Then, consider removing the second admonition (`menuItems: # <2>`), and renumbering the subsequent admonitions.

+
[source,yaml]
----
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:

>     <package_name>: # <1>

Reviewer: Nitpick for consistency: let's talk about plugins everywhere and not introduce a new term.

```suggestion
    <plugin_name>: # <1>
```

>       menuItems: # <2>

Reviewer: Omit teh admonition. There is nothing to edit here for the user, therefore it is more logical to move the description in the step general text.

```suggestion
      menuItems:
```

(Of course then you need to renumber the admonitions.)

        <menu_item_name>: # <3>
          icon: # home | group | category | extension | school | _<your_icon>_ # <4>
          title: _<plugin_page_title>_ # <5>
          priority: 10 # <6>
          parent: favorites # <7>
----

> <1> `_<package_name>_`: Specifies the name of the package. This name is the same as the `scalprum.name` key in the plugin `package.json`.

Reviewer: Nitpick for consistency: let's talk about plugins everywhere and not introduce a new term (package).

```suggestion
<1> `_<plugin_name>_`: Specifies the plugin name. This name is the same as the `scalprum.name` key in the plugin `package.json` file.
```

> <2> `menuItems`: (Optional) Use to configure plugin menu items in the main sidebar navigation.

Reviewer: Omit it. There is nothing to edit here for the user, therefore it is more logical to move the description in the step general text.

```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Additionally, reducing the number of admonitions might help the chances that the user can see the example with all admonition descriptions simultaneousley in the screen, without the need for scrolling. (Good for scannability)

> <3> `_<menu_item_name>_`: Specifies a unique name in the main sidebar navigation for either a standalone menu item or a parent menu item. If this field specifies a plugin menu item, the name of the menu item must match the name using in the corresponding path in `dynamicRoutes`. For example, if `dynamicRoutes` defines `path: /my-plugin`, then `menu_item_name` must be defined as `my-plugin`.

Reviewer: Nitpick: use a word that denotes the user action.

```suggestion
<3> `_<menu_item_name>_`: Enter a unique name in the main sidebar navigation for either a standalone menu item or a parent menu item. If this field specifies a plugin menu item, the name of the menu item must match the name using in the corresponding path in `dynamicRoutes`. For example, if `dynamicRoutes` defines `path: /my-plugin`, then `menu_item_name` must be defined as `my-plugin`.
```

> <4> `icon`: (Optional) Specifies the icon for the menu item. You can use default icons, such as: `home`, `group`, `category`, `extension`, and `school`. You can also use an SVG or HTML image icon, such as: `icon: <svg width="20px" height="20px" viewBox="0 0 512 512" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" fill="#ffffff">...</svg>`  or `icon: https://img.icons8.com/ios-glyphs/20/FFFFFF/shop.png`.

Reviewer: Nitpick: use a word that denotes the user action.

```suggestion
<4> `icon`: (Optional) Enter the icon name. You can use default icons, such as: `home`, `group`, `category`, `extension`, and `school`. You can also use an SVG or HTML image icon, such as: `icon: <svg width="20px" height="20px" viewBox="0 0 512 512" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" fill="#ffffff">...</svg>` or `icon: https://img.icons8.com/ios-glyphs/20/FFFFFF/shop.png`.
```

> <5> `title`: (Optional) Specifies the title of the menu item. Omit it when the title is already specified in the `dynamicRoutes` configuration under `menuItem.text`.

Reviewer: Nitpick: use a word that denotes the user action.

```suggestion
<5> `title`: (Optional) Enter the menu item title. Omit it when the title is already specified in the `dynamicRoutes` configuration under `menuItem.text`.
```

<6> `priority`: (Optional) Sets the order in which menu items appear in the sidebar. The default priority is 0, which places the item at the bottom of the list. A higher priority value places the item higher in the sidebar. You can define this field for each section.
<7> `parent`: (Optional) Specifies the parent menu item under which the current item is nested. If this field is used, the parent menu item must be defined elsewhere in the `menuItems` configuration of any enabled plugin. You can define this field for each section.

> . To add *Main menu item* to the dynamic plugins configuration file, add the `default.` prefix to its key in your `{my-app-config-file}` file:

Reviewer: Exact reference in the style guide:
> If an element is not labeled in the GUI, refer to the element by a generic description and do not use bold text. For example, if a search field is not labeled in the GUI, write it as "the search field", not "the Search field".
https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#user-interface-elements 

```suggestion
. To add a main menu item to the dynamic plugins configuration file, add the `default.` prefix to its key in your `{my-app-config-file}` file:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:

>     default.main-menu-items: # <1>

Reviewer: Omit the callout. There is nothing to edit here for the user, therefore it is more logical to move the description in the step general text.

```suggestion
    default.main-menu-items:
```

      menuItems:
        default._<menu_item_name>_: # <2>
          parent: _<my_menu_group>_ # <3>
          priority: 10 <4>
        default._<menu_group_parent_item_name>_: # <4>
          icon: _<my_menu_group_icon>_ # <5>
          title: _<my_menu_group_title>_ # <6>
          priority: 100 # <7>
----

> <1> `default.main-menu-items`: Specifies the key for configuring static main menu items. The `default.` prefix identifies an item as a main menu item. You can add the `default.` prefix to both individual menu items or parent menu group configuration, such as `default.<menu_group_parent_item_name>` in the previous example.

Reviewer: Omit it. There is nothing to edit here for the user, therefore it is more logical to move the description in the step general text.

```suggestion
```

> <2> `default._<menu_item_name>_`: Specifies the key of the menu item configuration. The `default.` prefix is required for a main menu item key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> `default._<menu_item_name>_`: Specifies the menu item name. Add the `default.` prefix to identify a main menu item.
```

<3> `parent`: (Optional) Specifies the parent menu item for this item.
<4> `priority`: (Optional) Specifies the order of this menu item within its menu level.

> <5> `icon`: Specifies the icon for the menu group. Required for parent menu items.

Reviewer: A description for the `default._<menu_group_parent_item_name>_:` callout is missing here.

          parent: my_menu_group # optional, specifies the parent menu item for this item
          priority: 10 # optional, specifies the order of this menu item within its menu level
        default.<menu_group_parent_item_name>: # must be configured if it is specified as the parent of any menu items. `default.` prefix is required for a main group parent item key <1>
          icon: my_menu_group_icon # required for parent menu items, defines the icon for the menu group
          title: my_menu_group_title # required for parent menu items, defines the icon for the menu group
          priority: 100 # optional, specifies the order of the parent menu item in the sidebar
----

<1> The `default.` prefix identifies an item as a main menu item. You can add the `default.` prefix to both individual menu items or parent menu group configuration, such as `default.<menu_group_parent_item_name>` in the previous example.

[NOTE]
====
The default priority of main menu items determines their order in the sidebar. You can customize the order of the static main menu items by adjusting their priority values. Ensure that the priority and title of each item is clear to facilitate easy reordering. 

> ====

Reviewer: Remove fluff. Consider removing the note which is repeating content already in the admonition.

For consistency consider rewriting the callout with leftover information still in the note, and more importantly with line 30 in mind (previous occurence of a `priority` key in this procedure), to help the user understand how similar or different this key is behaving in both contexts.

= Customizing the sidebar menu items for your {product-short} instance

The sidebar menu in {product} consists of two main parts that you can configure:

Dynamic plugin menu items:: Your preferences and your active plugins define dynamically one part of the sidebar menu.
Main menu items:: The core navigation structure of sidebar is static.

.Default static menu item configuration
[source]
----
export const DefaultMainMenuItems = {
  menuItems: {
    'default.home': {
      title: 'Home',
      icon: 'home',
      to: '/',
      priority: 100,
    },
    'default.my-group': {
      title: 'My Group',
      icon: 'group',
      priority: 90,
    },
    'default.catalog': {
      title: 'Catalog',
      icon: 'category',
      to: 'catalog',
      priority: 80,
    },
    'default.apis': {
      title: 'APIs',
      icon: 'extension',
      to: 'api-docs',
      priority: 70,
    },
    'default.learning-path': {
      title: 'Learning Paths',
      icon: 'school',
      to: 'learning-paths',
      priority: 60,
    },
    'default.create': {
      title: 'Create...',
      icon: 'add',
      to: 'create',
      priority: 50,
    },
  },

> };

Reviewer: Consider translating this into a format that a user could consume. Namely what would the user need to put in the `app-confing.yaml` to configure RHDH with exactly the same settings as the default configuration. With the current information, if we try to apply the steps in the procedure, we are missing a value for the `<plugin_name>`.

[id='proc-customize-rhdh-sidebar-menuitems_{context}']
= Customizing the sidebar menu items for your {product-short} instance

The sidebar menu in {product} consists of two main parts that you can configure:

Dynamic plugin menu items:: Your preferences and your active plugins define dynamically one part of the sidebar menu.
Main menu items:: The core navigation structure of sidebar is static.

.Default static menu item configuration

> +

Reviewer: Asciidoc syntax mistake:

```suggestion
```

> [source,yaml]

Reviewer: This code block is not YAML. `export const` denotes the creation of a variable in some programing language, probably a JavaScript variant.

The sidebar menu in {product} consists of two main parts that you can configure:

Dynamic plugin menu items:: Your preferences and your active plugins define dynamically one part of the sidebar menu.
Main menu items:: The core navigation structure of sidebar is static.

.Default static menu item configuration
[source,yaml]
----
dynamicsPlugins:
  frontend:
    default.main-menu-items:
        menuItems:
          default.home:
            title: Home
            icon: home
            priority: 100
          default.my-group: 
            title: My Group
            icon: group
            priority: 90
          default.catalog:
            title: Catalog
            icon: category
            to: catalog
            priority: 80
          default.apis:
            title: APIs
            icon: extension
            to: api-docs
            priority: 70
          default.learning-path:
            title: Learning Paths
            icon: school,
            to: learning-paths
            priority: 60
          default.create:
            title: Create
            icon: add
            to: create
            priority: 50
----

.Procedure

> . To configure a dynamic plugin menu item, add a `menuItems` section for your _<plugin_name>_ plugin to your `{my-app-config-file}` file:

Reviewer 4: It looks like `menuItems` is part of the default configuration. So do we actually mean to say the following...?

```suggestion
. To configure a dynamic plugin menu item, update the `menuItems` section of your `{my-app-config-file}` file. For example:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:
    _<plugin_name>_: # <1>
      menuItems:
        <menu_item_name>: # <2>
          icon: # home | group | category | extension | school | _<my_icon>_ # <3>
          title: _<plugin_page_title>_ # <4>
          priority: 10 # <5>
          parent: favorites # <6>
----
<1> `_<plugin_name>_`: Enter the plugin name. This name is the same as the `scalprum.name` key in the `package.json` file.
<2> `_<menu_item_name>_`: Enter a unique name in the main sidebar navigation for either a standalone menu item or a parent menu item. If this field specifies a plugin menu item, the name of the menu item must match the name using in the corresponding path in `dynamicRoutes`. For example, if `dynamicRoutes` defines `path: /my-plugin`, then `menu_item_name` must be defined as `my-plugin`.

> <3> `icon`: (Optional) Enter the icon name if you do not want to use the default icon. You can use the following icons:

Reviewer 4: What if I don't enter anything? What is the default icon?

Reviewer 4: Nvm, I think I understand now. See suggested revision to clarify this statement.

> <3> `icon`: (Optional) Enter the icon name if you do not want to use the default icon. You can use the following icons:
>    * Default icons, such as `home`, `group`, `category`, `extension`, and `school`
>    * An SVG icon, such as: `icon: <svg width="20px" height="20px" viewBox="0 0 512 512" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" fill="#ffffff">...</svg>`
>    * An HTML image, such as: `icon: https://img.icons8.com/ios-glyphs/20/FFFFFF/shop.png`

Reviewer 4: How about something like the following revision? 

```suggestion
<3> `icon`: (Optional) Enter the icon name. You can use any of the following icons:
   * Default icons, such as `home`, `group`, `category`, `extension`, and `school`
   * A custom icon, where _<my_icon>_ specifies the name of your custom icon
   * An SVG icon, such as: `icon: <svg width="20px" height="20px" viewBox="0 0 512 512" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" fill="#ffffff">...</svg>`
   * An HTML image, such as: `icon: https://img.icons8.com/ios-glyphs/20/FFFFFF/shop.png`
```

[id='proc-customize-rhdh-sidebar-menuitems_{context}']
= Customizing the sidebar menu items for your {product-short} instance

The sidebar menu in {product} consists of two main parts that you can configure:

Dynamic plugin menu items:: Your preferences and your active plugins define dynamically one part of the sidebar menu.
Main menu items:: The core navigation structure of sidebar is static.

.Default static menu item configuration
[source,yaml]
----

> dynamicsPlugins:

Reviewer 5: Afaik it should be still `dynamicPlugins` not `dynamicsPlugins`:

```suggestion
dynamicPlugins:
```

  frontend:

>     _<package_name>_:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    default.main-menu-items:
```

        menuItems:
          default.home:
            title: Home
            icon: home
            priority: 100
          default.my-group: 
            title: My Group
            icon: group
            priority: 90
          default.catalog:
            title: Catalog
            icon: category
            to: catalog
            priority: 80
          default.apis:
            title: APIs
            icon: extension
            to: api-docs
            priority: 70
          default.learning-path:
            title: Learning Paths
            icon: school,
            to: learning-paths
            priority: 60
          default.create:

>             title: Create

Reviewer 3: We have a [PR](https://github.com/redhat-developer/rhdh/pull/2574/files#diff-1161471992c9c63fec4f645bd89a42f1a4494e524746bf760f6ba69202d100b4) to update all `Create` strings with `Self-service`, so I think we should change here too.
```suggestion
            title: Self-service
```

Author: Yi Cai, I would suggest we make this change along with the JIRA epic that's been created for this, for tracking purpose. Is that okay?

            to: create
            priority: 50
----

.Procedure

> . To configure a dynamic plugin menu item, update the `menuItems` section of your _<plugin_name>_ plugin to your `{my-app-config-file}` file. For example:

Reviewer 4: This is fine for now, but we might consider whether this sentence is the best application for a variable. In this context, it might be better to remove it or replace with with a plain-text description of this particular plugin. Such as _the plugin that you want to customize_. 

Typically we want to start the step by orienting the user: _In the `app-config.yaml` file, update the `menuItems` section of the plugin that you want to add menu items to. For example:_

And this also makes we wonder if, in the future, we might reassess the overall structure of this procedure. It looks like we might be combining multiple procedures into a single module or numbering steps that are actually optional/conditional. We can look more deeply at the strategy for structuring this, but we might want to break these up into 9.3.1 and 9.3.2, like this: 

.Procedure

To configure a dynamic plugin menu item, do the following step: 

.In the `app-config.yaml` file... 

.Procedure

To configure a main menu item or add a custom menu item, do the following step: 

.In the `app-config.yaml` file... 

Unless we think it is better to format these are optional/conditional. But either way, they are not sequential steps of the same procedure - they are either 2 separate procedures or two options in the same procedure. 

modularization: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/modular-docs/#assembly-definition
optional/conditional steps: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-procedures#indicating-optional-and-conditional-steps

Reviewer 4: And this leads me to think that we might reassess the overall structure of this procedure. It looks like we might be combining 2 separate procedures into a single module or numbering steps that are actually optional/conditional rather than sequential. We can look more deeply at the strategy for structuring this, but we might want to break these up into 9.3.1 and 9.3.2 - something like this:

9.3.1. Configuring dynamic plugin menu items in the sidebar menu

.Procedure

To configure a dynamic plugin menu item, do the following step:

.In the app-config.yaml file...

...

9.3.2. Configuring main menu items in the sidebar menu

.Procedure

To configure a main menu item or add a custom menu item, do the following step:

.In the app-config.yaml file...

modularization: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/modular-docs/#assembly-definition
optional/conditional steps: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-procedures#indicating-optional-and-conditional-steps

Author: Sure, Lindsey! I will address this in the next release! https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHIDP-6525

The sidebar menu in {product} consists of two main parts:

* *Dynamic plugin menu items*: These items are displayed beneath the main menu and can be customized based on the plugins installed. The main menu items section is dynamic and can change based on your preferences and installed plugins.

* *Main menu items*: These items are the static menu items that form the core navigation structure of sidebar. These menu items remain consistent and are predefined.

.Procedure

. To configure a Dynamic plugin menu item, add the following content to your `{my-app-config-file}` file:
+
[source,yaml]
----
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:

>     <package_name>: <1>

Reviewer: I forgot to mention: do not forget to add a comment before each callout. See https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#using-asciidoc-callouts-in-the-yaml

```suggestion
    <package_name>: # <1>
```

      menuItems: <2>
        <menu_item_name>: <3>
          icon: # home | group | category | extension | school | _<your_icon>_ <4>
          title: My Plugin Page <5>
          priority: 10 <6>

>           parent: favorites <7>

Reviewer: If you add the italics, don't forget to add `subs="+quotes"` to the code block (currently line 42).

Note that if we intend to follow OpenShift docs guidelines, we should avoid adding markup in the code blocks. See: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#no-markup-in-code-blocks

----
<1> `_<package_name>_`: Specifies the name of the package that is the same as `scalprum.name` key in the `package.json` of the plugin.
<2> `menuItems`: (Optional) Allows you to configure plugin menu items in the main sidebar navigation.
<3> `_<menu_item_name>_`: Represents a unique name in the main sidebar navigation. It can denote either a standalone menu item or a parent menu item. If this attribute represents a plugin menu item, the name of the attribute must match with the corresponding path in `dynamicRoutes`. For example, if `dynamicRoutes` defines `path: /my-plugin`, then `menu_item_name` must be defined as `my-plugin`.

> <4> `icon`: (Optional) Specifies the icon for the menu item. You can use default icons, such as: `home`, `group`, `category`, `extension`, and `school`. You can also use an SVG or HTML image icon, such as: `icon: <svg width="20px" height="20px" viewBox="0 0 512 512" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" fill="#ffffff">...</svg>  or icon: https://img.icons8.com/ios-glyphs/20/FFFFFF/shop.png`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<4> `icon`: (Optional) Specifies the icon for the menu item. You can use default icons, such as: `home`, `group`, `category`, `extension`, and `school`. You can also use an SVG or HTML image icon, such as: `icon: <svg width="20px" height="20px" viewBox="0 0 512 512" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" fill="#ffffff">...</svg>`  or `icon: https://img.icons8.com/ios-glyphs/20/FFFFFF/shop.png`
```

<5> `title`: (Optional) Specifies the title of the menu item. Omit it when the title is already specified in the `dynamicRoutes` configuration under `menuItem.text`.

> <6> `priority`: (Optional) Sets the order in which menu items appear in the sidebar. The default priority is 0, which places the item at the bottom of the list. A higher priority value places the item higher in the sidebar. You can define this attribute for each section.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<6> `priority`: (Optional) Sets the order of the menu items in the sidebar. The default priority is 0, which places the item at the bottom of the list. A higher priority value places the item higher in the sidebar. You can define this value for each section.
```
If we are describiting the same thing by both "list" and "sidebar" consider using the same word in both sentences.

> <7> `parent`: (Optional) Specifies the parent menu item under which the current item is nested. If this attribute is used, the parent menu item must be defined elsewhere in the `menuItems` configuration of any enabled plugin. You can define this attribute for each section.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<7> `parent`: (Optional) Specifies the parent menu item under which the current item is nested. If this field is used, the parent menu item must be defined in the `menuItems` configuration of any enabled plugin. You can define this value for each section.
```

Again, I am unfamiliar with the term "attribute" in this context, so I replaced instances of that word with the more specific terms used describe the parts of a YAML file, but please change it back if "attribute" is the proper term.

> . To add Main menu item, add the `default.` prefix to its key in your `{my-app-config-file}` file:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. To add a Main menu item, add the `default.` prefix to its key in your `{my-app-config-file}` file:
```
I see Main menu item is capitalized - Are we referring to an element on the UI? If so, bold it. Also specify what the user is adding the menu item to.

+
[source,yaml]
----
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:
    default.main-menu-items: <1>
      menuItems:

>         default.<menu_item_name>: <2>
>           parent: my_menu_group <3>
>           priority: 10 <4>
>         default.<menu_group_parent_item_name>: <4>
>           icon: my_menu_group_icon <5>
>           title: my_menu_group_title <6>
>           priority: 100 <7>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
        default._<menu_item_name>_: <2>
          parent: _<my_menu_group>_ <3>
          priority: 10 <4>
        default._<menu_group_parent_item_name>_: <4>
          icon: _<my_menu_group_icon>_ <5>
          title: _<my_menu_group_title>_ <6>
          priority: 100 <7>
```

Assuming these values are variables and need brackets

----
<1> `default.main-menu-items`: Specifies the key for configuring static main menu items. The `default.` prefix identifies an item as a main menu item. You can add the `default.` prefix to both individual menu items or parent menu group configuration, such as `default.<menu_group_parent_item_name>` in the previous example.
<2> `default._<menu_item_name>_`: Specifies the key of the menu item configuration. `default.` prefix is required for a main menu item key.
<3> `parent`: (Optional) Specifies the parent menu item for this item.
<4> `priority`: (Optional) Specifies the order of this menu item within its menu level.

> <5> `icon`: Required for parent menu items It defines the icon for the menu group.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<5> `icon`: Required for parent menu items. It defines the icon for the menu group.
```

> <5> `icon`: Required for parent menu items It defines the icon for the menu group.
> <6> `title`: Required for parent menu items. It defines the icon for the menu group.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<5> `icon`: Specifies the icon for the menu group. Required for parent menu items.
<6> `title`: Specifies the title for the menu group. Required for parent menu items.
```
If "icon" what intentional in the title definition, please change back

.Procedure

Customize the main menu items using the following steps:
+
--

> . Open the `app-config-rhdh.yaml` file.
> . To customize the order and parent-child relationships for the main menu items, use the `dynamicPlugins.frontend.default.main-menu-items.menuItems` field.
> . For dynamic plugin menu items, use the `dynamicPlugins.frontend.<package_name>.menuItems` field.

Reviewer 4: We typically orient the user by writing _In the `app-config-rhdh.yaml` file, [do the thing you need to do in the file]_. 
But it seems we are using Step 1 to orient them to then do one of a couple of optional steps... So maybe what we really want is this...

```suggestion
. Open the `app-config-rhdh.yaml` file and do any of the following tasks: 
* To customize the order and parent-child relationships for the main menu items, enter the `dynamicPlugins.frontend.default.main-menu-items.menuItems` field.
* To add dynamic plugin menu items, enter the `dynamicPlugins.frontend.<package_name>.menuItems` field.
```
I'm honestly having to guess a little bit at what we are actually trying to communicate, so my changes might not be 100% correct, but I suggest replacing "use" with a more descriptive word and clarifying what we we mean by "for dynamic plugin menu items". Also make sure the lead-in sentence is correct - are we saying that they can do either or both of these bullets or is this a one or the other situation?

Author: Sure, Lindsey. We could also check with @themr0c and see if we're being technically accurate here!

Author: Made a few changes based on Fabrice's comments. Thank you so much for your valuable inputs, @themr0c !

  <6> `title`: Displays the title name for the parent menu item.
  <7> `priority`: Order of the `favourites` menu item in the sidebar.

. To modify a main menu item or add a custom menu item, add a section to the `default.main-menu-items` > `menuItems` section in your `{my-app-config-file}` file. Use the `default.` prefix to identify the key as a main menu item.
+ 
[source,yaml]
----
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:
    default.main-menu-items:
      menuItems:
        default._<menu_group_parent_item_name>_: # <1>
          icon: # home | group | category | extension | school | _<my_icon>_ # <2>
          title: _<menu_group_parent_title>_ # <3>
          priority: 10 # <4>
        default._<menu_item_name>_: # <5>
          parent: _<menu_group_parent_item_name>_ # <6>
          icon:  # home | group | category | extension | school | _<my_icon>_ # <7>
          title: _<my_menu_title>_ # <8>
          to: _<path_to_the_menu_target_page>_ # <9>
          priority: 100 # <10>
----
  <1> `default._<menu_group_parent_item_name>_`: Enter the menu group parent item name to configure static main menu items.
  <2> `icon`: Enter the menu icon. Required for parent menu items.

>   <3> `title`: Enter the menu group title. Required for parent menu items. To hide the title from the sidebar, set the title as an (`" "`) empty string.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  <3> `title`: Enter the menu group title. Required for parent menu items.
```

Setting an empty string is only for hiding a default static menu item, not for menu group parent item.

  <4> `priority`: (Optional) Enter the order of this menu item within its menu level.
  <5> `default._<menu_item_name>_`: Enter the menu item name for which you want to override the default value. Add the `default.` prefix to identify a main menu item.
  <6> `parent`: (Optional) Enter the parent menu item for this item. Required if <menu_item_name> is specified as the child of any menu items.
  <7> `icon`: (Optional) Enter the menu icon if you do not want to use the default icon.

>   <8> `title`: Enter the menu group title. To hide the title from the sidebar, set the title as an (`" "`) empty string.

Reviewer 3: `title` is only required for `default.<menu_group_parent_item_name>`, or when adding a new main menu item. If it's overriding the default main menu item, this `title` could be omit. For example the below configuration only changes the priority of the default `Catalog` button in sidebar menu.
```
    default.main-menu-items:
      menuItems:
        default.catalog:
          priority: 120
```

The following is an example for adding a new main menu item:
```
    default.main-menu-items:
      menuItems:
        default.custom-courses:
          title: Courses # this is required to show a non-default main menu item
          icon: school
          to: /courses
```

```suggestion
  <8> `title`: (Optional) Enter the menu item title. Only required for adding a new custom main menu item. To hide a default main menu item title from the sidebar, set the title as an (`" "`) empty string.
```

  <2> `icon`: Enter the menu icon. Required for parent menu items.
  <3> `title`: Enter the menu group title. Required for parent menu items. To hide the title from the sidebar, set the title as an (`" "`) empty string.
  <4> `priority`: (Optional) Enter the order of this menu item within its menu level.
  <5> `default._<menu_item_name>_`: Enter the menu item name for which you want to override the default value. Add the `default.` prefix to identify a main menu item.
  <6> `parent`: (Optional) Enter the parent menu item for this item. Required if <menu_item_name> is specified as the child of any menu items.
  <7> `icon`: (Optional) Enter the menu icon.
  <8> `title`: Enter the menu group title. To hide the title from the sidebar, set the title as an (`" "`) empty string.
// Update <8> for release 1.6 as this option (currently a  workaround) would be added as a functionality. RHIDP-6333.
  <9> `to`: (Optional) Enter the path that the menu item navigates to. If not set, it defaults to the home page.
  <10> `priority`: (Optional) Enter the order of this menu item within its menu level.

+
.Example `mainItems` configuration

[source,yaml]
----

> default.main-menu-items:
>       menuItems:
>         default.catalog:
>           icon: school
>           title: Catalog124
>           priority: 5
>         default.learning-path:
>           title: ''
>         default.list:
>           title: Home
>           icon: bookmarks
>         default.home2:
>           parent: default.list
>           title: home2
>           icon: bookmarks
>           priority: 105
>         default.home1:
>           parent: default.list
>           title: home1
>           icon: bookmarks
>           priority: 205
>         default.home: # <1>
>           parent: default.home2 # <2>
>         default.list2:
>           title: References # <3>
>           icon: bookmarks # <4>
>           to: /create # <5>
> ----
>   <1> `default.home`: Specifies the main item name.
>   <2> `parent`: Nests this plugin under the `favorites` parent menu item.
>   <3> `title`: Specifies the name of `default.list2`
>   <4> `icon`: Displays the `bookmarks` icon.
>   <5> `to`: Redirects `default.list2` to the `/create` page.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
default.main-menu-items:
      menuItems:
        default.catalog:
          icon: category # <1>
          title: My Catalog 
          priority: 5
        default.learning-path: 
          title: '' # <2> to hide the learning path from default sidebar
        default.parentlist: # <3>
          title: Overview 
          icon: bookmarks
        default.home:
          parent: default.parentlist # <4>
        default.references:
          title: References # <5>
          icon: school # <6>
          to: /references # <7>
----
  <1>`icon`: if you want to change the icon default menu item for the catalog.
  <2> `title`: Can pass empty string `" "` to hide the learning path from default sidebar.
  <3> `default.parentlist`: Introduces the parent menu item.
  <4> `parent`: Nests home menu under the `default.parentlist` parent menu item.
  <5> `title`: Specifies the name of `default.references`
  <6> `icon`: Displays the `school` icon.
  <7> `to`: Redirects `default.references` to the `/references` page.
```

See [DefaultMainMenuItems](https://github.com/redhat-developer/rhdh/blob/main/packages/app/src/consts.ts#L1) for a list of main menu items, including their default priorities. 

updated the example, and some inline comments. Feel free to modify it or reword it better

cc @ciiay

            icon: fooIcon
            text: Foo Plugin Page
      menuItems:
        my-plugin: # <1>
          priority: 10 # <2>
          parent: favorites # <3>
        favorites: # <4>
          icon: favorite # <5>
          title: Favorites # <6>
          priority: 100 # <7>
----

> <1> `my-plugin`: Matches `path` in `dynamicRoutes`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<1> `my-plugin`: Matches of the value of the `path` field in `dynamicRoutes`.
```
adds clarity, if that's what we mean

          title: _<menu_group_parent_title>_ # <3>
          priority: 10 # <4>
        default._<menu_item_name>_: # <5>
          parent: _<menu_group_parent_item_name>_ # <6>
          icon:  # home | group | category | extension | school | _<my_icon>_ # <7>
          title: _<my_menu_title>_ # <8>
          to: _<path_to_the_menu_target_page>_ # <9>
          priority: 100 # <10>
----
<1> `default._<menu_group_parent_item_name>_`: (Optional) Enter the menu group parent item name to configure static main menu items. If no `default._<menu_item_name>_` has a `parent` value set, this field is not needed.
<2> `icon`: Enter the menu icon. Required for parent menu items.
<3> `title`: Enter the menu group title. Required for parent menu items.
<4> `priority`: (Optional) Enter the order of this menu item within its menu level.
<5> `default._<menu_item_name>_`: Enter the menu item name for which you want to override the default value. Add the `default.` prefix to identify a main menu item.
<6> `parent`: (Optional) Enter the parent menu item for this item. Required if <menu_item_name> is specified as the child of any menu items.

> <7> `icon`: (Optional) Enter the menu icon if you do not want to use the default icon.

Reviewer 4: I'm back to my earlier Q now... What is the default icon? What happens if I do not enter anything here?

Author: I've rewritten it as "To use the default icon, set the icon as an empty string" ... I hope that's clearer!

<8> `title`: (Optional) Enter the menu group title. Only required for adding a new custom main menu item. To hide a default main menu item title from the sidebar, set the title as an (`" "`) empty string.
// Update <8> for release 1.6 as this option (currently a  workaround) would be added as a functionality. RHIDP-6333.
<9> `to`: (Optional) Enter the path that the menu item navigates to. If it is not set, it defaults to the home page.
<10> `priority`: (Optional) Enter the order of this menu item within its menu level.

+
.Example `mainItems` configuration
[source,yaml]
----
default.main-menu-items:
      menuItems:
        default.catalog:
          icon: category # <1>
          title: My Catalog 
          priority: 5
        default.learning-path: 
          title: '' # <2> to hide the learning path from default sidebar
        default.parentlist: # <3>
          title: Overview 
          icon: bookmarks
        default.home:
          parent: default.parentlist # <4>
        default.references:
          title: References # <5>
          icon: school # <6>
          to: /references # <7>
----

> <1> `icon`: Specify if you want to change the icon default menu item for the catalog.
> <2> `title`: Specify an empty string `" "` to hide the learning path from the default sidebar.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<1> `icon`: Specifies the icon default menu item for the catalog as `category`.
<2> `title`: Specifies an empty string `" "` to hide the learning path from the default sidebar.
```
since it seems like we are explaining what each example value does
and _Specifies_ makes these items parallel with the way that the rest of the definitions are written

            icon: fooIcon
            text: Foo Plugin Page
      menuItems:
        my-plugin: # <1>
          priority: 10 # <2>
          parent: favorites # <3>
        favorites: # <4>
          icon: favorite # <5>
          title: Favorites # <6>
          priority: 100 # <7>
----
<1> `my-plugin`: Matches `path` in `dynamicRoutes`
<2> `priority`: Controls order of plugins under the parent menu item.
<3> `parent`: Nests this plugin under the `favorites` parent menu item.

> <4> `favourites`: Configuration for the parent menu item.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<4> `favorites `: Configuration for the parent menu item.
```

<5> `icon`: Displays the `favorite` icon from the {product-very-short} system icons.
<6> `title`: Displays the title name for the parent menu item.
<7> `priority`: Order of the `favourites` menu item in the sidebar.

. To modify a main menu item or add a custom menu item, add a section to the `default.main-menu-items` > `menuItems` section in your `{my-app-config-file}` file. Use the `default.` prefix to identify the key as a main menu item.
+ 
[source,yaml]
----
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:
    default.main-menu-items:
      menuItems:
        default._<menu_group_parent_item_name>_: # <1>
          icon: # home | group | category | extension | school | _<my_icon>_ # <2>
          title: _<menu_group_parent_title>_ # <3>
          priority: 10 # <4>
        default._<menu_item_name>_: # <5>
          parent: _<menu_group_parent_item_name>_ # <6>
          icon:  # home | group | category | extension | school | _<my_icon>_ # <7>
          title: _<my_menu_title>_ # <8>
          to: _<path_to_the_menu_target_page>_ # <9>
          priority: 100 # <10>
----

> <1> `default._<menu_group_parent_item_name>_`: Enter the menu group parent item name to configure static main menu items.

Reviewer 3: I added some explanation, you can rephrase it as you want.
```suggestion
<1> `default._<menu_group_parent_item_name>_`: (Optional) Enter the menu group parent item name to configure static main menu items. If no `default._<menu_item_name>_` has a `parent` value set, this field is not needed.
```

            icon: fooIcon
            text: Foo Plugin Page
      menuItems:
        my-plugin: # <1>
          priority: 10 # <2>
          parent: favorites # <3>
        favorites: # <4>
          icon: favorite # <5>
          title: Favorites # <6>
          priority: 100 # <7>
----

>   <1> `my-plugin`: Matches `path` in `dynamicRoutes`
>   <2> `priority`: Controls order of plugins under the parent menu item.
>   <3> `parent`: Nests this plugin under the `favorites` parent menu item.
>   <4> `favourites`: Configuration for the parent menu item.
>   <5> `icon`: Displays the `favorite` icon from the {product-very-short} system icons.
>   <6> `title`: Displays the title name for the parent menu item.
>   <7> `priority`: Order of the `favourites` menu item in the sidebar.

Reviewer: Asciidoc syntax mistake. The two leading empty spaces denote a literal block, which is not what you intend. See [docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/verbatim/literal-blocks#indent-method](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/verbatim/literal-blocks/#indent-method)

```suggestion
<1> `my-plugin`: Matches `path` in `dynamicRoutes`
<2> `priority`: Controls order of plugins under the parent menu item.
<3> `parent`: Nests this plugin under the `favorites` parent menu item.
<4> `favourites`: Configuration for the parent menu item.
<5> `icon`: Displays the `favorite` icon from the {product-very-short} system icons.
<6> `title`: Displays the title name for the parent menu item.
<7> `priority`: Order of the `favourites` menu item in the sidebar.
```

. To modify a main menu item or add a custom menu item, add a section to the `default.main-menu-items` > `menuItems` section in your `{my-app-config-file}` file. Use the `default.` prefix to identify the key as a main menu item.
+ 
[source,yaml]
----
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:
    default.main-menu-items:
      menuItems:
        default._<menu_group_parent_item_name>_: # <1>
          icon: # home | group | category | extension | school | _<my_icon>_ # <2>
          title: _<menu_group_parent_title>_ # <3>
          priority: 10 # <4>
        default._<menu_item_name>_: # <5>
          parent: _<menu_group_parent_item_name>_ # <6>
          icon:  # home | group | category | extension | school | _<my_icon>_ # <7>
          title: _<my_menu_title>_ # <8>
          to: _<path_to_the_menu_target_page>_ # <9>
          priority: 100 # <10>
----

>   <1> `default._<menu_group_parent_item_name>_`: Enter the menu group parent item name to configure static main menu items.
>   <2> `icon`: Enter the menu icon. Required for parent menu items.
>   <3> `title`: Enter the menu group title. Required for parent menu items.
>   <4> `priority`: (Optional) Enter the order of this menu item within its menu level.
>   <5> `default._<menu_item_name>_`: Enter the menu item name for which you want to override the default value. Add the `default.` prefix to identify a main menu item.
>   <6> `parent`: (Optional) Enter the parent menu item for this item. Required if <menu_item_name> is specified as the child of any menu items.
>   <7> `icon`: (Optional) Enter the menu icon if you do not want to use the default icon.
>   <8> `title`: (Optional) Enter the menu group title. Only required for adding a new custom main menu item. To hide a default main menu item title from the sidebar, set the title as an (`" "`) empty string.
> // Update <8> for release 1.6 as this option (currently a  workaround) would be added as a functionality. RHIDP-6333.
>   <9> `to`: (Optional) Enter the path that the menu item navigates to. If it is not set, it defaults to the home page.
>   <10> `priority`: (Optional) Enter the order of this menu item within its menu level.

Reviewer: Asciidoc syntax mistake. The two leading empty spaces denote a literal block, which is not what you intend. See [docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/verbatim/literal-blocks#indent-method](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/verbatim/literal-blocks/#indent-method)

```suggestion
<1> `default._<menu_group_parent_item_name>_`: Enter the menu group parent item name to configure static main menu items.
<2> `icon`: Enter the menu icon. Required for parent menu items.
<3> `title`: Enter the menu group title. Required for parent menu items.
<4> `priority`: (Optional) Enter the order of this menu item within its menu level.
<5> `default._<menu_item_name>_`: Enter the menu item name for which you want to override the default value. Add the `default.` prefix to identify a main menu item.
<6> `parent`: (Optional) Enter the parent menu item for this item. Required if <menu_item_name> is specified as the child of any menu items.
<7> `icon`: (Optional) Enter the menu icon if you do not want to use the default icon.
<8> `title`: (Optional) Enter the menu group title. Only required for adding a new custom main menu item. To hide a default main menu item title from the sidebar, set the title as an (`" "`) empty string.
// Update <8> for release 1.6 as this option (currently a  workaround) would be added as a functionality. RHIDP-6333.
<9> `to`: (Optional) Enter the path that the menu item navigates to. If it is not set, it defaults to the home page.
<10> `priority`: (Optional) Enter the order of this menu item within its menu level.
```

  <8> `title`: (Optional) Enter the menu group title. Only required for adding a new custom main menu item. To hide a default main menu item title from the sidebar, set the title as an (`" "`) empty string.
// Update <8> for release 1.6 as this option (currently a  workaround) would be added as a functionality. RHIDP-6333.
  <9> `to`: (Optional) Enter the path that the menu item navigates to. If it is not set, it defaults to the home page.
  <10> `priority`: (Optional) Enter the order of this menu item within its menu level.

+
.Example `mainItems` configuration

[source,yaml]
----
default.main-menu-items:
      menuItems:
        default.catalog:
          icon: category # <1>
          title: My Catalog 
          priority: 5
        default.learning-path: 
          title: '' # <2> to hide the learning path from default sidebar
        default.parentlist: # <3>
          title: Overview 
          icon: bookmarks
        default.home:
          parent: default.parentlist # <4>
        default.references:
          title: References # <5>
          icon: school # <6>
          to: /references # <7>
----

>   <1> `icon`: Specify if you want to change the icon default menu item for the catalog.
>   <2> `title`: Specify an empty string `" "` to hide the learning path from the default sidebar.
>   <3> `default.parentlist`: Introduces the parent menu item.
>   <4> `parent`: Nests home menu under the `default.parentlist` parent menu item.
>   <5> `title`: Specifies a name for `default.references`
>   <6> `icon`: Displays the `school` icon.
>   <7> `to`: Redirects `default.references` to the `/references` page.

Reviewer: Asciidoc syntax mistake. The two leading empty spaces denote a literal block, which is not what you intend. See https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/verbatim/literal-blocks/#indent-method

```suggestion
<1> `icon`: Specify if you want to change the icon default menu item for the catalog.
<2> `title`: Specify an empty string `" "` to hide the learning path from the default sidebar.
<3> `default.parentlist`: Introduces the parent menu item.
<4> `parent`: Nests home menu under the `default.parentlist` parent menu item.
<5> `title`: Specifies a name for `default.references`
<6> `icon`: Displays the `school` icon.
<7> `to`: Redirects `default.references` to the `/references` page.
```
